Activate all components in default and polish doc (#6)
apache/skywalking-showcase: docs/readme.md

```shell
git clone https://github.com/apache/skywalking-showcase.git
cd skywalking-showcase
make deploy.kubernetes
```

This will install SkyWalking components, including OAP in cluster mode with 2 nodes, SkyWalking RocketBot UI,
microservices with SkyWalking agent, microservices without SkyWalking agent but managed by Istio, 
2 Pods to mimic virtual machines and export metrics to SkyWalking, and enable kubernetes cluster monitoring as well as 
SkyWalking self observability.

For more advanced deployments, check [Customization](#customization) documentation below.

> Notice, when run this showcase locally such as KinD, the images are downloaded inside the KinD, which could take over 10 mins(depend on local network).
> Rerun `make deploy.kubernetes` if some timeout errors break the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice, when running this showcase locally such as KinD, the images are downloaded inside the KinD, which could take over 10 minutes (depending on the local network).
Rerun `make deploy.kubernetes` until the command succeeds if there are timeout errors breaking the process.
```
